Homage to the Buddha Shakyamuni.
Greetings to all esteemed fellow practitioners. Please, esteemed fellow practitioners,
recite the Buddha's name so that
we may begin our meeting.
Homage to the
Buddha
Shakyamuni. Homage to the
Buddha Shakyamuni. Homage to the Buddha Shakyamuni.
Respectfully, esteemed fellow practitioners, all the
Buddhists in the Dharma Hall's administrative committee are
always the
most hardworking. We are the second hardest working, but only
when we
praise the merits of the Bodhisattvas and the
Buddhas can we
truly praise them.
Often, before
we have performed this duty, we only
see the
Buddha as so wonderful, so skillful, and the
Bodhisattvas as so compassionate, always
saving sentient beings. We only see it that
way, right, esteemed fellow practitioners? That is, we
only hear it from
our own perspective,
without knowing how hard they work, right,
esteemed fellow practitioners? That's why
we praise them.  We
praise them because they save us,
not because we see or
feel their compassion
for sentient beings. Before we
started doing our duty, we couldn't feel their compassion. You,
dear friends, just think
of yourselves as ignorant,
foolish, and suffering beings, while they
save you with a snap of their fingers, and
you
get what you want, right? You don't
realize that they also started
from the beginning, just like us, right? They
also had to abandon their personal affairs for the sake of
sentient beings. That's why we say the
Buddha cultivated for three countless eons. We only
see this in a
lifetime, and we only cultivate a little bit,
right, dear friends? In this lifetime, we are still
sitting in
front of screens doing our duty. But you, dear friends, are still sitting in front of screens doing your duty,
only analyzing the information, only registering
Buddhists, only calling Buddhists so much
that we only analyze the items.  The
spirits then urged the Buddhas to be more diligent, just a little bit.
That's just a little bit. And
we've already seen that sometimes people
feel tired, some feel discouraged,
right? That's how we know that becoming a
Buddha requires a lot of
effort, a lot of blood and sweat, dear fellow practitioners.
Therefore, the more diligent one is, the
more one understands the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas. And once one understands the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, one will never
regress. Dear fellow
practitioners, if someone, day and night, fulfills their duties, even just a little bit, and
thinks
of the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, they
will surely soon enter the state of non-
retrogression. Dear fellow practitioners, if we think
of the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas,
we will strive and not feel
tired. But if we only think
of our own efforts,
we will quickly become discouraged, dear fellow practitioners, right?
Oh, I work all day! I
still need to eat a little! I still need to sleep
a little! Or am I supposed to keep working for
free like this, not being able to
eat or sleep? I'll just eat at
home.  Is it true that we carry the golden prison? We're lazy at housework,
but we're afraid of doing
housework. If
we think about the Buddha, if
we think about the Bodhisattvas, then
we will be able to abandon
that lack of diligence, my dear fellow practitioners. We
will be able to abandon all the negative thoughts
in Bodhi. The negative thought
in Bodhi is the lack of diligence, the lack of compassion.
That is the
negative thought, not the same as the
negative thought of someone who hasn't yet
developed Bodhicitta. A person who hasn't yet developed Bodhicitta has a
negative thought that harms
sentient beings, while a person who has developed Bodhicitta has a
negative thought that doesn't want to
help sentient beings. My dear fellow practitioners, do you see the difference between the
two negative thoughts of two people? A
person who has developed
Bodhicitta doesn't stop. The
negative thought is the
unwillingness to give up evil deeds. It's not
that, but the unwillingness to
help sentient beings is the negative thought, my dear fellow
practitioners.  My dear friends, so let's
understand that the
leadership in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club is guiding and leading the
community of Buddhists who have awakened the
Bodhi Mind. We must have a Bodhi Mind that
surpasses theirs, my esteemed friends. Is
n't that right? Our Bodhi Mind must be superior to
lead the community of those who have awakened the Bodhi
Mind. If our Bodhi Mind is
n't superior, how can we
lead the community of those who have awakened the Bodhi Mind?
That's right, my dear friends. Therefore,
we must take our
teachers and monks as role models,
but our mindfulness
must be
directed towards the
Buddhas and Bodhisattvas.
Just like when we look at a
high mountain, everyone looks towards
their goal, but when walking on the road, we
must look at the person ahead, right, my
esteemed friends? Looking at the goal,
we must look at the high goal,
but when walking together, we must look at the
person ahead. So, our person ahead
is our teacher.  The monks share a
common, lofty goal:
that of all Buddhas, Saints, and
Bodhisattvas. Dear fellow practitioners,
sometimes we feel tired,
weary, and listless. Let
us learn from the knowledge
we have
gained, the knowledge of the conduct of
Buddhas and Bodhisattvas. Let
us learn from how Buddhas and Bodhisattvas practice their Bodhisattvas and their vows. Those
who are diligent in their
Bodhisattva vows will experience
this benefit and happiness: a positive mindset that will give rise to methods for
overcoming
obstacles in life.
This is what we gain, dear fellow
practitioners. A positive mindset will
generate
methods to overcome
all current obstacles.
If someone has such thoughts about
Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, and such
a way of thinking about them, then they will be able to guide them.
If we strive towards
enlightenment, we will gain the benefit of developing
intellectual capacity, enabling us to contemplate, reflect, and
overcome all obstacles
in the present moment. If anyone
takes the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas as
their role models, they will develop the
capacity
to overcome all obstacles and
difficulties in the present moment. This is the
benefit we often think of: the
Bodhisattva practice of the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas. It is the Bodhisattva path of mindful contemplation. I
sincerely hope that all Dharma centers will
accompany each other with mindful contemplation in
Bodhisattva vows and Bodhisattva wisdom. Only then
can we forever support
each other until the day we attain Buddhahood.
If we do not accompany
each other with Bodhisattva vows and Bodhisattva wisdom,
then surely that person will regress from
Bodhi. We have read in the scriptures that countless people
develop Bodhi mind, but
only one or two dwell in Bodhi mind. That is,
the number of people who
can dwell in Bodhi mind is small.  That's it, dear fellow
practitioners. Many people aspire to Bodhi,
but few remain firmly rooted in Bodhi. Because
those who aspire to Bodhi
then become consumed by worldly desires for money and
fame, and their
Bodhi is corrupted. Those of you
in the leadership committee know this;
we are all hindered by ego. We
cannot
overcome the conflict with
our fellow practitioners, clinging to our personal opinions, and
are forced to resign
from the leadership committee. That is
regression, dear fellow practitioners.
The path
we are walking, the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas have walked, they
walked it, and we can walk it too. With a calm and open mind, we can
open the door for our fellow practitioners. If
we feel something is wrong, we can
ask. Asking at the club
is also a huge step in overcoming the ego, dear fellow
practitioners. For example, if we see a fellow practitioner
in our leadership committee doing something
wrong, but we do
n't dare speak up because of the ego's
obstruction.  The ego hinders us;
we fear that people will be unhappy with
us. We fear the bad reputation that comes with it. Those who,
dear fellow practitioners, dare not
live with the truth, dare not live with the
Dharma, cannot live with the Dharma, and are
forced to give up. That is a kind of
ego in the Bodhi Mind, dear fellow practitioners. That's
why many people, the majority, fall
in the Bodhi Mind because they are entangled in
this reputation. Therefore, they fall a lot.
Or some people only practice
a little, but their ego grows high,
forgetting the Bodhi Vow, which hinders them. The Bodhi
Vow and Bodhi Practice, if practiced a
little, become like that.
Therefore, if anyone wants to
practice with determination and practice the
Bodhi Practice, we must be strict with ourselves
in the Six Harmonies, dear fellow practitioners. Be truly
strict with yourself in the Six Harmonies.
Nothing hinders
us. Practice the Six Harmonies without
hindrance, even if the people in the leadership team are
our brothers and sisters, our fathers and mothers,
our relatives, older
or younger than
us, they will not be hindered.  I'm not afraid to speak the truth, even if they've been practicing for much
longer than me. I'm not
afraid to speak the truth, even if they've just started practicing, I'm not afraid. I just maintain a sincere heart and practice the Six Harmonies, dear fellow practitioners. I'm not afraid to speak the truth. If
someone can't speak the truth, they will
never overcome it, they will always fail, they will never achieve enlightenment, dear fellow
practitioners. They wo
n't achieve enlightenment on this path
because we are afraid to speak the truth. We're afraid to speak the
truth. On the Management Board
of our Dharma centers, there's an obstacle to enlightenment: the ego.
Sometimes we don't realize
this, dear fellow practitioners. I'm so afraid. I won't
say it, she's awful. Or that old man is awful, I wo
n't say it. That's an obstacle to enlightenment. There's nothing
in this Three Thousand Great Thousand
Worlds that makes us afraid. The
truth is the
truth. I propose bringing this up to the club. That's what
we practice in Bodhi, practicing
sincerity, dear fellow practitioners.
We practice kind speech according to the
club's regulations. Excuse me, ma'am, ma'am, sir,
I see a problem.  I
feel this is unsatisfactory because I
feel it's not quite right, or I
feel that what you're doing is incorrect. Now I
don't know what to suggest. I'll bring this up to
the club to see what's right so we can
practice the Six Fires correctly. The correct method is a guiding principle.
It's essential that
we practice the Six Fires
without obstacles, only then
can we practice. Therefore, all the Buddhist practitioners
in our Dharma group, if
we lack this basic
mindset, we sometimes
don't know what our direction is. Do you see,
dear fellow practitioners? Live truthfully,
live straight with the true Dharma, be true
to the true Dharma, without
any obstacles. Nothing should hinder the mind's reflection. The contemplation is
unobstructed because our ego is the
most terrifying thing; it kills us, dear fellow practitioners.
Our ego kills us, not the object we
fear, dear fellow
practitioners, but our own ego. Let me
give you an example to help you
understand: For
instance, a Dharma group leader instructs
someone in the Dharma group to...  They don't dare speak
out, fearing that speaking out will lead to consequences, fearing
criticism, fearing criticism from the
spiritual leader. But that's the
perspective of
ignorance and ego; fear is fear of hurting oneself, of the
ego. Ah, dear fellow practitioners, you fear
being hurt yourself, not fearing
external things. Do you see that, dear fellow practitioners?
We must understand the essence of the
problem. We are deluded, too
deluded, always fearing being hurt ourselves,
not fearing that others are disgusting. If we are
always afraid of
being hurt, then that very self is hindered,
so we
can never live authentically.
We must live authentically,
based on the true Dharma.
Dear fellow
practitioners, in this life, I, Han Quan, have
fulfilled a dream, the
greatest dream of my life. The
greatest aspiration in my life, which I
have
practiced since I was a child, born into a family where I
always lived
with a benevolent and tolerant perspective.
Therefore, if someone makes a mistake, I,
Han Quan, will overlook it.
Whatever is in my heart, I must live
discreetly, not speaking the truth to my siblings, my
spouse, my children. Do you agree, dear fellow practitioners? It's impossible to
live 100% truthfully for even a single minute.
Han
Quan always longs in his heart
for
this: to meet a
friend with whom he can confide everything, to be
himself, not only to
share his own mistakes but also the
mistakes of his friends.
Has anyone ever experienced such a thing
in this life?
And that longing of
Han Quan is
that he will be such a friend to
everyone. If anyone needs such a friend, he will be
that friend. They can speak the truth
about him when they speak about him. He must
never harm anyone, never
spread rumors
about others, no matter how bad they may be.
I never go around
talking about other people's affairs, and I, Han
Quan, have excellently accomplished
that, my esteemed fellow practitioners. I
never talk about someone else's affairs,
never recount their bad deeds, never cause
them harm, never create factions or
cliques
in this life, never know how to
live in division with anyone in this life,
never have such a mistake in
this life, absolutely no mistake
in that matter. And I, Han Quan,
accomplished that when I
met my master, my esteemed fellow
practitioners, and
lived
truthfully. My master guided me, allowing
me to speak the truth. I expressed all the
doubts in my heart
without holding anything back, everything that was on my mind, my esteemed fellow
practitioners. I spoke truthfully,
without concealing anything,
without being hurt in any way, thanks to the
understanding, listening, and
teaching of my master, my esteemed fellow practitioners.  The
temple
also learned from the master.
Of course, the mind of the temple already had
such a foundation from the beginning.
And in that way, it never
hurts or divides anyone; it only makes
things better, dear fellow practitioners.
And in this way, the mind of the temple feels
happiness and lives
happily, dear fellow practitioners. Therefore,
the mind of the temple shares with you
that if we
want to become a support for sentient beings,
we ourselves must
overcome our own ego, we must dare to
live truthfully with ourselves, only then
can we be truthful with sentient beings, dear fellow
practitioners. If we do not dare to be truthful with ourselves, if we do
not
dare to live with our truth,
we cannot be a support for
anyone
because we are still confused and
afraid, afraid of this, afraid of that, afraid of that. As long as we are
still full of our fears,
how can we be a support for anyone? As long as
we are afraid of being hurt, we will still scheme, we will
still lie, we will still deceive, right
dear fellow practitioners? Right? We are
still afraid.  When we are hurt, we
will still possess all those negative qualities,
so we are not afraid of being
hurt. We live truthfully, and
how we speak is
appropriate. We just bring out the truth,
dear fellow practitioners. If we are not
hindered by that, then the mind of the Perfect Enlightenment
knows that it is not something you
can understand immediately. But
if you gradually cultivate with the Perfect Enlightenment
Mantra, fully practicing what the
Perfect Enlightenment Mantra shares, then surely you
will become the mind of the Perfect Enlightenment Lord
one day.
We must live truthfully, live honestly, in accordance
with the Dharma, in accordance with the Six Harmonies, without any
hindrance to anyone in the
Dharma center, dear fellow practitioners. We must speak the
truth so that the Six Harmonies may manifest
in our hearts, dear fellow practitioners. We must
speak the truth so that the Six Harmonies may be present in
our hearts without being hindered by
our own ego. These are people who are determined to
sow the seeds of Bodhi that are
unwavering. So, dear fellow practitioners, have you understood
how to sow the seeds of Bodhi that are
unwavering?  It's not yet necessary to overcome the obstacle
of ego; one must speak the truth so that the Six
Harmonies Dharma manifests in one's heart
and nourishes those around them in
relationships with fellow
practitioners in the Dharma center's leadership and
club. The Mind-Illuminating Contemplation
always calls for speaking the
truth, dear fellow practitioners. Everyone wants to speak the
truth, dear fellow practitioners, do you see that?
Everyone wants to speak the
truth but doesn't dare to. That's
a problem; there's no one to catch or tax us, so why be
afraid to speak? Practice speaking the truth; there are
no obstacles. Do you
understand? Wherever the
truth is spoken, the Mind-Illuminating Contemplation will
resolve it peacefully for you.
If there is conflict,
those who do not live according to the Six Harmonies
Dharma and cannot practice the true Dharma will be
removed from the Dharma center for you.
You see how easy it is? Even
five people in the Six Harmonies Dharma can be left.
The Mind-Illuminating Contemplation isn't just about us; we
don't need Buddhists. The Dharma is what
we need, not what others need.
If they don't practice the Dharma correctly, can we
just let them all go out and sow the seeds of enlightenment?
Even the head of the Dharma center, if they don't
practice the Dharma correctly, let them go down and sow the seeds of enlightenment.
If they can't cultivate, then so be it; they can cultivate wherever they want. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club is a club for sowing the seeds of Bodhi because only the seeds of Bodhi benefit humanity and the heavens for countless eons to come. If you, dear fellow practitioners, can practice the Six Harmonies in this life and
obtain the seeds of
Bodhi, then you will benefit sentient
beings for countless eons to come.
So, just sow a little,
don't overdo it. It's better to say less.
And for those who only need to
practice externally, let them just
listen and sow the seeds of enlightenment. We help them
forever, throughout this life. They can
listen, and let them practice the Six Harmonies for 7
days, then dedicate the merit, and then they stop practicing the Six Harmonies again,
then another 7 days of the Six Harmonies, then dedicate the merit, and then stop practicing the
Six Harmonies again. But within
our Dharma, we just take all the
seeds of the Six Harmonies. Not everyone can
practice the Six Harmonies for their entire life.  Boiling the fire, not just boiling the fire. If you're
just attending, boil the fire every 7 days, get
bored, and stop practicing. Then boil the fire again for another
7 days, then boil the fire again for
dedication. We're opening the door for them, not forcing them to
officially join after 6 months. If they don't get the fire, they're
kicked out. Dear fellow practitioners, just practice boiling the fire for 7 days, keep the precepts, practice the six fires for 7 days, then stop. Don't practice the fire anymore, okay? We're very open to all Buddhists. As for sowing seeds,
sometimes we can practice sowing seeds our
whole lives. When we practice, we practice; when we rest, we
rest. If we like, we can join to sow seeds; if we don't like, we can rest. We
still
help normally, okay, dear fellow practitioners? A
shriveled seed must become a shriveled seed, and a plump seed
must become a plump seed; we have to select them.
That's why we don't equate
ourselves with anyone else. In the Dharma
center, at least we
should have the leadership of the Dharma center go
into the plump seed. Here, many Dharma
centers still force the leadership of the Dharma center to...  Even
the esteemed members of the
leadership are arguing fiercely, afraid to
live authentically, afraid to be honest, afraid to
admit their mistakes, afraid to correct them, right?
Then how can we expect a
good leadership? For a good leadership, the leadership
must be good, the leadership must be harmonious like
water and milk. Actually, achieving
harmony in leadership is very simple. Issues that
haven't been resolved through discussion should be brought to the heart, and
then acceptance
will gradually become a habit.
That habit will then become a seed. That's
all. The leadership, esteemed members, seems
easy, there's nothing difficult about it.
If our leadership is harmonious, then harmony will be easy.
But if we keep opposing
each other, afraid to speak the truth, and keep it all
inside, then we
create conflict. For example, the head of the group might
think the deputy head isn't doing well.
That's dividing the group,
esteemed members. That's destroying the
Six Harmonies.
How can
we live without suffering and not receiving help? It's the
heart that's not...  My dear fellow
practitioners, without pure fire, there is no
love. Without love, there is no
receiving love. Therefore,
today, the Lord's Mind of Complete Enlightenment is urging you on this matter. The Lord's
Mind of Complete Enlightenment reminds you
of this serious issue: Striving to
practice pure fire is our guiding principle. Do you
understand clearly? It's
not about constantly sowing seeds of karma for
others while receiving nothing in return.
We must achieve Six Harmonies, dear fellow practitioners.
Otherwise, if we receive nothing, it
's a waste of effort. To leave this life without
having the Bodhi seed is a great loss, is
n't it, dear
fellow practitioners? It is a loss.
Our ultimate goal is that in the
next life, we either achieve the same introspective enlightenment as our Master, or become
like our Master.
Our ultimate goal is that we
must achieve Six Harmonies. Without Six Harmonies,
how can there be so many Dharma centers?
If we don't achieve Six Harmonies, there will only be one Dharma center,
only a small temple, and then all
day long the nuns will be arguing and making a fuss,
right, dear fellow practitioners?  If you go to become a
monk, that's all you can do. If you can't become a monk
and just spend your days dancing around, you'll
die! Ah, I respectfully request that all esteemed fellow practitioners
dedicate this merit to
all beings, disciples and
sentient beings alike, so that they may all attain Buddhahood.
K
[Applause]
[Music]